com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.AutoFocusManager
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/decode/DecodeThread.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.decode.DecodeThread
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/FinishListener.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.FinishListener
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/StrToHex.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.StrToHex
com/dnive/agvclient/view/RockerView.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$CallBackMode
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$Direction
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$DirectionMode
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$OnAngleChangeListener
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.RockerView$OnShakeListener
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/FragmentActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.FragmentActivity
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.CameraManager
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/MainActivity2.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$3
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$4
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$5
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$6
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$7
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$MyBroadcastReceiver
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$MyHandler
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity2$WifiBroadcastReceiver
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/AutoUpdater.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$3
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$4
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$5
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.AutoUpdater$6
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/BeepManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.BeepManager
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/view/ViewfinderView.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.view.ViewfinderView
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/UpdataActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.UpdataActivity
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.UpdataActivity$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.UpdataActivity$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.UpdataActivity$3
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/CaptureActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.CaptureActivity
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.CaptureActivity$1
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/view/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.view.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.PreferencesActivity
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.PreviewCallback
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.WelcomeActivity
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.WelcomeActivity$1
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/decode/DecodeHandler.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.decode.DecodeHandler
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils$1
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/PermissionsChecker.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.PermissionsChecker
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/Intents.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$Encode
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$History
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$Scan
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$SearchBookContents
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$Share
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.Intents$WifiConnect
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/s.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$3
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$4
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$5
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$6
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$7
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$8
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$C00868
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$MyBroadcastReceiver
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$MyHandler
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.s$WifiBroadcastReceiver
com/dnive/agvclient/BuildConfig.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.BuildConfig
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/TcpClient.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.TcpClient
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/ScanFragment.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.ScanFragment
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/InactivityTimer.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.InactivityTimer
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$InactivityAsyncTask
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/encode/CodeCreator.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.encode.CodeCreator
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.CaptureActivityHandler
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.CaptureActivityHandler$State
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/IPUtils.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.IPUtils
com/dnive/agvclient/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$8
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$MyBroadcastReceiver
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$MyHandler
 com.dnive.agvclient.activity.MainActivity$WifiBroadcastReceiver
com/dnive/agvclient/tools/MyWifiManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.tools.MyWifiManager
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/decode/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.decode.DecodeFormatManager
com/dnive/agvclient/view/OvrImageView.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.OvrImageView
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.OvrImageView$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.OvrImageView$2
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.OvrImageView$2$1
 com.dnive.agvclient.view.OvrImageView$3
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/android/IntentSource.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.android.IntentSource
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/OpenCameraInterface.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.OpenCameraInterface
com/dnive/agvclient/zxing/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.dnive.agvclient.zxing.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
